---
layout: post
title: "Selective Feature Connection Mechanism: Concatenating Multi-layer CNN Features with a Feature Selector"
date: 2018-11-15 10:58:21
categories: arXiv_CV
tags: arXiv_CV CNN Image_Classification Classification Detection Recognition
author: Chen Du, Chunheng Wang, Cunzhao Shi, Baihua Xiao
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
Different layers of deep convolutional neural networks(CNN) can encode different-level information. High-layer features always contain more semantic information, and low-layer features contain more detail information. However, low-layer features suffer from the background clutter and semantic ambiguity. During visual recognition, the feature combination of the low-layer and high-level features plays an important role in context modulation. Directly combining the high-layer and low-layer features, the background clutter and semantic ambiguity may be caused due to the introduction of detailed information.In this paper, we propose a general network architecture to concatenate CNN features of different layers in a simple and effective way, called Selective Feature Connection Mechanism (SFCM). Low level features are selectively linked to high-level features with an feature selector which is generated by high-level features. The proposed connection mechanism can effectively overcome the above-mentioned drawbacks. We demonstrate the effectiveness, superiority, and universal applicability of this method on many challenging computer vision tasks, such as image classification, scene text detection, and image-to-image translation.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.06295](http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.06295)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.06295](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.06295)

