---
layout: post
title: "Bi-GANs-ST for Perceptual Image Super-resolution"
date: 2018-11-01 13:27:56
categories: arXiv_CV
tags: arXiv_CV Adversarial Super_Resolution GAN
author: Xiaotong Luo, Rong Chen, Yuan Xie, Yanyun Qu, Cuihua Li
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
Image quality measurement is a critical problem for image super-resolution (SR) algorithms. Usually, they are evaluated by some well-known objective metrics, e.g., PSNR and SSIM, but these indices cannot provide suitable results in accordance with the perception of human being. Recently, a more reasonable perception measurement has been proposed in [1], which is also adopted by the PIRM-SR 2018 challenge. In this paper, motivated by [1], we aim to generate a high-quality SR result which balances between the two indices, i.e., the perception index and root-mean-square error (RMSE). To do so, we design a new deep SR framework, dubbed Bi-GANs-ST, by integrating two complementary generative adversarial networks (GAN) branches. One is memory residual SRGAN (MR-SRGAN), which emphasizes on improving the objective performance, such as reducing the RMSE. The other is weight perception SRGAN (WP-SRGAN), which obtains the result that favors better subjective perception via a two-stage adversarial training mechanism. Then, to produce final result with excellent perception scores and RMSE, we use soft-thresholding method to merge the results generated by the two GANs. Our method performs well on the perceptual image super-resolution task of the PIRM 2018 challenge. Experimental results on five benchmarks show that our proposal achieves highly competent performance compared with other state-of-the-art methods.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.00367](http://arxiv.org/abs/1811.00367)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00367](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1811.00367)

