---
layout: post
title: "Progressive Cross-camera Soft-label Learning for Semi-supervised Person Re-identification"
date: 2019-08-15 00:19:02
categories: arXiv_CV
tags: arXiv_CV Re-identification GAN Tracking Person_Re-identification Classification Relation
author: Lei Qi, Lei Wang, Jing Huo, Yinghuan Shi, Yang Gao
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
In this paper, we focus on the semi-supervised person re-identification (Re-ID) case, which only has the intra-camera (within-camera) labels but not inter-camera (cross-camera) labels. In real-world applications, these intra-camera labels can be readily captured by tracking algorithms or few manual annotations, when compared with cross-camera labels. In this case, it is very difficult to explore the relationships between cross-camera persons in the training stage due to the lack of cross-camera label information. To deal with this issue, we propose a novel Progressive Cross-camera Soft-label Learning (PCSL) framework for the semi-supervised person Re-ID task, which can generate cross-camera soft-labels and utilize them to optimize the network. Concretely, we calculate an affinity matrix based on person-level features and adapt them to produce the similarities between cross-camera persons (i.e., cross-camera soft-labels). To exploit these soft-labels to train the network, we investigate the weighted cross-entropy loss and the weighted triplet loss from the classification and discrimination perspectives, respectively. Particularly, the proposed framework alternately generates progressive cross-camera soft-labels and gradually improves feature representations in the whole learning course. Extensive experiments on five large-scale benchmark datasets show that PCSL significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised methods that employ labeled source domains or the images generated by the GAN-based models. Furthermore, the proposed method even has a competitive performance with respect to deep supervised Re-ID methods.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[https://arxiv.org/abs/1908.05669](https://arxiv.org/abs/1908.05669)

##### PDF
[https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05669](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.05669)

