---
layout: post
title: "Decomposing Temperature Time Series with Non-Negative Matrix Factorization"
date: 2019-04-03 19:46:56
categories: arXiv_CV
tags: arXiv_CV Knowledge
author: Peter Weiderer, Ana Maria Tom&#xe9;, Elmar Wolfgang Lang
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
During the fabrication of casting parts sensor data is typically automatically recorded and accumulated for process monitoring and defect diagnosis. As casting is a thermal process with many interacting process parameters, root cause analysis tends to be tedious and ineffective. We show how a decomposition based on non-negative matrix factorization (NMF), which is guided by a knowledge-based initialization strategy, is able to extract physical meaningful sources from temperature time series collected during a thermal manufacturing process. The approach assumes the time series to be generated by a superposition of several simultaneously acting component processes. NMF is able to reverse the superposition and to identify the hidden component processes. The latter can be linked to ongoing physical phenomena and process variables, which cannot be monitored directly. Our approach provides new insights into the underlying physics and offers a tool, which can assist in diagnosing defect causes. We demonstrate our method by applying it to real world data, collected in a foundry during the series production of casting parts for the automobile industry.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02217](http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02217)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02217](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.02217)

