---
layout: post
title: "Contrastive Explanations for Large Errors in Retail Forecasting Predictions through Monte Carlo Simulations"
date: 2019-07-17 12:57:06
categories: arXiv_AI
tags: arXiv_AI Prediction
author: Ana Lucic, Hinda Haned, Maarten de Rijke
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
At Ahold Delhaize, there is an interest in using more complex machine learning techniques for sales forecasting. It is difficult to convince analysts, along with their superiors, to adopt these techniques since the models are considered to be 'black boxes,' even if they perform better than current models in use. We aim to explore the impact of contrastive explanations about large errors on users' attitudes towards a 'black-box' model. In this work, we make two contributions. The first is an algorithm, Monte Carlo Bounds for Reasonable Predictions (MC-BRP). Given a large error, MC-BRP determines (1) feature values that would result in a reasonable prediction, and (2) general trends between each feature and the target, based on Monte Carlo simulations. The second contribution is the evaluation of MC-BRP along with its outcomes, which has both objective and subjective components. We evaluate on a real dataset with real users from Ahold Delhaize by conducting a user study to determine if explanations generated by MC-BRP help users understand why a prediction results in a large error, and if this promotes trust in an automatically-learned model. The study shows that users are able to answer objective questions about the model's predictions with overall 81.7% accuracy when provided with these contrastive explanations. We also show that users who saw MC-BRP explanations understand why the model makes large errors in predictions significantly more than users in the control group.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1908.00085](http://arxiv.org/abs/1908.00085)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.00085](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1908.00085)

