---
layout: post
title: "EXPERTNet Exigent Features Preservative Network for Facial Expression Recognition"
date: 2019-04-14 08:45:42
categories: arXiv_CV
tags: arXiv_CV Recognition
author: Monu Verma, Jaspreet Kaur Bhui, Santosh Vipparthi, Girdhari Singh
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
Facial expressions have essential cues to infer the humans state of mind, that conveys adequate information to understand individuals actual feelings. Thus, automatic facial expression recognition is an interesting and crucial task to interpret the humans cognitive state through the machine. In this paper, we proposed an Exigent Features Preservative Network (EXPERTNet), to describe the features of the facial expressions. The EXPERTNet extracts only pertinent features and neglect others by using exigent feature (ExFeat) block, mainly comprises of elective layer. Specifically, elective layer selects the desired edge variation features from the previous layer outcomes, which are generated by applying different sized filters as 1 x 1, 3 x 3, 5 x 5 and 7 x 7. Different sized filters aid to elicits both micro and high-level features that enhance the learnability of neurons. ExFeat block preserves the spatial structural information of the facial expression, which allows to discriminate between different classes of facial expressions. Visual representation of the proposed method over different facial expressions shows the learning capability of the neurons of different layers. Experimental and comparative analysis results over four comprehensive datasets CK+, MMI DISFA and GEMEP-FERA, ensures the better performance of the proposed network as compared to existing networks.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.06658](http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.06658)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.06658](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.06658)

