---
layout: post
title: "Robust nonlinear control of close formation flight"
date: 2019-04-16 05:58:06
categories: arXiv_RO
tags: arXiv_RO Tracking
author: Qingrui Zhang, Hugh H.T. Liu
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
This paper investigates the robust nonlinear close formation control problem. It aims to achieve precise position control at dynamic flight operation for a follower aircraft under the aerodynamic impact due to the trailing vortices generated by a leader aircraft. One crucial concern is the control robustness that ensures the boundedness of position error subject to uncertainties and disturbances to be regulated with accuracy. This paper develops a robust nonlinear formation control algorithm to fulfill precise close formation tracking control. The proposed control algorithm consists of baseline control laws and disturbance observers. The baseline control laws are employed to stabilize the nonlinear dynamics of close formation flight, while the disturbance observers are introduced to compensate system uncertainties and formation-related aerodynamic disturbances. The position control performance can be guaranteed within the desired boundedness to harvest enough drag reduction for a follower aircraft in close formation using the proposed design. The efficacy of the proposed design is demonstrated via numerical simulations of close formation flight of two aircraft.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.07479](http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.07479)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07479](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.07479)

