---
layout: post
title: "Mobile Edge Intelligence and Computing for the Internet of Vehicles"
date: 2019-06-02 13:23:11
categories: arXiv_AI
tags: arXiv_AI Survey
author: Jun Zhang, Khaled B. Letaief
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
The Internet of Vehicles (IoV) is an emerging paradigm, driven by recent advancements in vehicular communications and networking. Advances in research can now provide reliable communication links between vehicles, via vehicle-to-vehicle communications, and between vehicles and roadside infrastructures, via vehicle-to-infrastructure communications. Meanwhile, the capability and intelligence of vehicles are being rapidly enhanced, and this will have the potential of supporting a plethora of new exciting applications, which will integrate fully autonomous vehicles, the Internet of Things (IoT), and the environment. These trends will bring about an era of intelligent IoV, which will heavily depend upon communications, computing, and data analytics technologies. To store and process the massive amount of data generated by intelligent IoV, onboard processing and Cloud computing will not be sufficient, due to resource/power constraints and communication overhead/latency, respectively. By deploying storage and computing resources at the wireless network edge, e.g., radio access points, the edge information system (EIS), including edge caching, edge computing, and edge AI, will play a key role in the future intelligent IoV. Such system will provide not only low-latency content delivery and computation services, but also localized data acquisition, aggregation and processing. This article surveys the latest development in EIS for intelligent IoV. Key design issues, methodologies and hardware platforms are introduced. In particular, typical use cases for intelligent vehicles are illustrated, including edge-assisted perception, mapping, and localization. In addition, various open research problems are identified.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1906.00400](http://arxiv.org/abs/1906.00400)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00400](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1906.00400)

