---
layout: post
title: "Decorrelated Adversarial Learning for Age-Invariant Face Recognition"
date: 2019-04-10 01:47:09
categories: arXiv_CV
tags: arXiv_CV Adversarial Face Relation Recognition Face_Recognition
author: Hao Wang, Dihong Gong, Zhifeng Li, Wei Liu
mathjax: true
---

* content
{:toc}

##### Abstract
There has been an increasing research interest in age-invariant face recognition. However, matching faces with big age gaps remains a challenging problem, primarily due to the significant discrepancy of face appearances caused by aging. To reduce such a discrepancy, in this paper we propose a novel algorithm to remove age-related components from features mixed with both identity and age information. Specifically, we factorize a mixed face feature into two uncorrelated components: identity-dependent component and age-dependent component, where the identity-dependent component includes information that is useful for face recognition. To implement this idea, we propose the Decorrelated Adversarial Learning (DAL) algorithm, where a Canonical Mapping Module (CMM) is introduced to find the maximum correlation between the paired features generated by a backbone network, while the backbone network and the factorization module are trained to generate features reducing the correlation. Thus, the proposed model learns the decomposed features of age and identity whose correlation is significantly reduced. Simultaneously, the identity-dependent feature and the age-dependent feature are respectively supervised by ID and age preserving signals to ensure that they both contain the correct information. Extensive experiments are conducted on popular public-domain face aging datasets (FG-NET, MORPH Album 2, and CACD-VS) to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.

##### Abstract (translated by Google)


##### URL
[http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.04972](http://arxiv.org/abs/1904.04972)

##### PDF
[http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04972](http://arxiv.org/pdf/1904.04972)

